
This app is called "MarketPace" it's core function is to resemble "Facebook" marketplace but act like an "uber eats" so it's a marketplace delivery service. There are also other features, you can counter offer, add to cart, create a bulk delivery route of up to 6 items at a time (12 stops total for the driver) there will be a multiple way sign (gmail, google, facebook, guest mode, admin, driver) - when you sign up you can create a dual account - you can have a personal and business account - you can sign up as one of three (shop, service, entertainment) shops: anything that sells a physical non food product (clothes, jewelry, handmade,) - serivce: physical work like landscape, mechanic, construction, hvac, babysitting, house cleaning etc.) and Entertainment: anyone who provides live entertainment ( DJ, Musician, Soundman, Band, Comedian, Theater Etc.)  - there will also be two added pages "Rent Anything" and "Odd Jobs" .. this app is about delivering opportunities to local communities, creating jobs,  keeping money circulating to build local economy, supporting local shops, artist, and services. There will be a basic membership and a MarketPace Pro with added features like "web integration" "advanced AI analysis" ability to promote products. There will be a "community" page where all local only post are accumulated. You can post directly on the Community page, create polls, ISOs, live streams, post "hiring now" or share events happening locally . I'd like for the page to resemble facebooks set up with the bottom navigation menu bar. I'd like for the color the to be a dark gradient purple futuristic theme with floating particles in the back ground. Create a landing page with a "Marketplace" header logo,  campaign launch tracker with towns, shops, services, entertainment, and member sign ups. Add that all features are active and free during the campaign launch trial period and that early members get lifetime benefits.  

I need a driver application form that implies they are “independent contractors” they must provide valid proof of car insurance, driver license, and must pay for and provide their own background check. If all is provided (background check is good, mirroring uber eats standards)  then it’s an immediate hire program. Drivers who passed the background check and have all valid proof will receive an email with a unique username and password that takes them to the driver dashboard. Delivery route  start from 9am-12pm - 12pm-3pm - 3pm-6pm - 6pm - 9pm .. their will be an optimized delivery route system. Members who purchase items do not get to pick a time slot, they get put in a time that correlates to other orders as in which one is closest to each other. It must make sense with picking up deliveries and dropping off. Each route will hold up to 6 orders at a time. Drivers can only accept 2 delivery routes at a time in the frame of 3 hours, they must commit to each full delivery route.   Drivers will get paid $4 per pick up, $2 per drop off, $0.50 per mile, 100% tips. Buyers and sellers will split delivery cost 50/50 with the exception of “shops” shops can set their own shipping and handling rates while paying MarketPace in full. Both buyers and sellers have the option to tip the driver. Call the entertainment page “The Hub” 

I need a full admin page with app editing capabilities, I’d like an AI coding app assistant where it would help me edit the app on command. I need all analytics of the app. I need a coaching trackers 

I need sponsorship opportunities and donations. I need to connect with strip and have multiple of the most popular payment options. I need my drivers to get paid after each fully completed delivery route. I need simple driver tracking with only  pick ups and drop off alerts. Not actual location. Each order gets its on base color for pick up and drop off to organize on the route dashboard- example: pick up dark blue drop off light blue - pick up dark red drop off light red. Buyers and sellers will have real time tracking to see where the drivers are based on where their dedicated color lines up in the delivery route. 

Also, the buyer gets 5mins( round about, it could be longer depending on the item) to either accept or decline order before driver gets to say drop offs complete. After drop is complete buyer no longer gets the chance to return. If the buyer declines the order the seller is obligated to pay return fee. Which is the drivers pay. Returns will automatically be thrown back into the optimized delivery route. 

Rentals must understand that MarketPace is not responsible for lost stollen or damaged items. All rent items are negotiated under your own terms and conditions, you are responsible for all communication. Renter must pay for 2 deliveries (drop offs and pick up) unless there is a self pick up option .. all members can opt to have a “self pick up” instead of using marketplace delivery. This will be a marketpace pro option. It’s a free feature through the campaign launch trial. When the campaign trail ends to receive these features a subscription fee will be available. 