The following questions ask about your data handling practices. This is required for App Review and taking your app live. We recommend you consult legal, policy, and data handling experts within your organization for guidance on how to answer these questions. Learn about our data handling guidelines.
Apps that have been published live with a use case, or that have advanced access to permissions or features, are required to complete these data handling questions.
Do you have data processors or service providers, including your own companies, that will have access to the Platform Data that you obtain from Meta?
Data processors or service providers are separate entities that, on your behalf, process the Platform Data made accessible to you in order to provide you with a service. Please provide the names of any processors that will have access to the Platform Data made accessible to you through the requested permissions and features.
"Platform Data" is any data that you receive from Meta (e.g., Meta user ID, email address, profile picture, Meta API user access token, and app secret).
Yes
No
List all data processors or service providers, including your own companies, that will have access to the Platform Data that you obtain from Meta.
Please note that Platform Data may include a subset of personal data or personal information that relates to an identified or identifiable person.
+ Add data processor or service provider
Who is the person or entity that will be responsible for all Platform Data Meta shares with you?
Please provide the name of the legal entity that will control the data (i.e., determine the purposes and means of processing the data) made available to you by Meta through the requested permissions and/or features. This could be a natural or legal person, a public authority, an agency or other entity. In some regions this is called a data controller.
Select the country where this person or entity is located.
Select one
Have you provided the personal data or personal information of users to public authorities in response to national security requests in the past 12 months?
This does not include requests related to search warrants or court orders associated with criminal investigations
Personal data or personal information is any data you receive from Meta that relates to an identified or identifiable person.
No
Yes, we have shared the personal data or personal information of approximately 10 or fewer users.
Yes, we have shared the personal data or personal information of about 11-100 users.
Yes, we have shared the personal data or personal information of about 101-1,000 users.
Yes, we have shared the personal data or personal information of more than 1,000 users