Website Integrations
Last updated: May 22, 2025
Bandzoogle offers integrations with other tools that you may already be using. We've made it easy to connect these integrations to your Bandzoogle website as a seamless way to promote and sell your music online. No coding is required.

This article includes information about the following types of integrations:

Music
Bandcamp
Events
E-commerce
Printful
Analytics
Social
Video
Music
There’s a built-in ‘Music’ feature at Bandzoogle where you can upload and sell your music commission-free. You can also easily integrate music with your website using these options:

Embed a Bandcamp player seamlessly on your site. The player will match your theme design.

Import tracks from SoundCloud, or embed a SoundCloud player.

Importing SoundCloud tracks
Embedding a SoundCloud player
Upload track files to your music features directly from Dropbox.

Embed an Airbit player on your site.

Bandcamp
If you're already using Bandcamp for streaming or selling your music, you can add that music to your website here using our Bandcamp Player feature.

No need to upload the music from scratch. The integration allows you to quickly embed tracks or albums using just the Bandcamp url.
This feature is perfect for Bandcamp artists looking to set up music quicklu on a website.
Your songs will display in our stylized players, matching your website's existing design, fonts and color.
When clicking "buy," fans will be directed to your Bandcamp account to complete the purchase.
To learn more, please view the Bandcamp Player feature help article.

Gigs
Bandzoogle offers a ‘Calendar’ feature which you can use to display your events and sell tickets directly from your website. If you use one of the following integrations, you can also add it to your website.

Add a ‘GigSalad Quote Form’ to your site to make it easy for fans and professionals to request a performance.

Display your Bandsintown events directly on your site with this feature.

E-Commerce
Bandzoogle offers built-in merch, music, and ticket sales on your website. You should integrate one or more of the following tools to process your transactions.

Connect to Stripe to process payments made through your site.

Connect to PayPal to process payments made through your site. Note: Paypal is not available for fan ‘Subscriptions’ payments.

Ship confidently with EasyPost.

Add sales tax to your merch with TaxJar.

Printful
Use your website to sell merch directly to your fans, with Printful. Bandzoogle Pro Plan members can integrate the Printful store of their choice in their Bandzoogle Store feature to sell custom-designed items to be dropshipped directly to their fans. You can also design your products directly in the Store feature using the embedded Printful designer.

Learn more about Printful Integration in our Integrating Printful into your website store article.

Analytics
Monitoring website traffic and activity is an important tool for refining your site content and promotions. Bandzoogle offers a Reports Tab with which detailed fan data. If you want to expand on that, connect to the following integrations:

Analyse your advertising traffic with Facebook Pixel.

Connect to Google Analytics.

Social
Adding links to social media sites can be a great way to help your fans and professionals engage with you on a personal level and keep up-to-date with all of your musings. Add the following integrations to your site to link out to your social media profiles.

Use the ‘My Sites’ feature to link out to over 40 social, music, streaming, and commerce sites, automatically generating the site’s icon for you. Generic icons are provided for any social sites not listed.
Video
You can embed video from the following platforms directly to your Bandzoogle website. Just copy the url from your video, and paste it into a ‘Video’ feature. Then, the video will be played right on your page.

YouTube
Vimeo
Twitch
Crowdcast
Facebook
In addition to these built-in options, you can grab embed code for other services and place it into an ‘HTML code’ feature directly.